Explainability with hcs (#477)
IBM/network-config-analyzer: docs/SchemeFileFormat.md

| subset           | A dict object with the defined subset elements to display in the output                                                                                                                                                                                                        | [subset](#subset) object                                     |
| fullExplanation  | Choose if to print all counterexamples causing the query result in the output                                                                                                                                                                                                  | bool                                                         |
| excludeIPv6Range | If the policies of the config do not contain any IPv6 addresses, do not include IPv6 range in the query results                                                                                                                                                                | bool  [default: True]                                        |

> | explain          | A pair of node names to explain the policies affecting their connection or lack of it. Relevant only for connectivity query. Connections including IP-Blocks will show only the configurations of the node in that connection (since, IP-Blocks does not have configurations). | string [ ns/node1,ns/node2 ]                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| explain          | A pair of node names (comma separated) to explain the policies affecting their connection or lack of it. Relevant only for connectivityMap query. Connections including IP-Blocks will show only the configurations of the node in that connection (since, IP-Blocks does not have configurations). | string [ ns/node1,ns/node2 ]                           |
```
In scheme file the query is named `connectivityMap`

Author: Done

| subset           | A dict object with the defined subset elements to display in the output                                         | [subset](#subset) object                                     |
| fullExplanation  | Choose if to print all counterexamples causing the query result in the output                                   | bool                                                         |
| excludeIPv6Range | If the policies of the config do not contain any IPv6 addresses, do not include IPv6 range in the query results | bool  [default: True]                                        |

> | explain          |A pair of node names to explain the policies affecting their connection or lack of it. When 'ALL' is supplied, all the pairs in the topology are explained.| string [ ns/node1,ns/node2 / ALL ]                           |

Reviewer: - should mention it is only supported for connectivity query.
- how it can be used for cli query? 
- add examples how this can be used, and example input/output (consider a separate section/page about this feature) .
- what if one of the nodes is an ip-block?

Author: Done. Also removed 'ALL' since it is for internal use.

Reviewer: so it is not possible to get `explain` for a connectivity between deployment and a certain ip-address? do we want to specify this, or create an issue to consider support this later?

Reviewer: maybe you missed this comment from last iteration?

Author: explanation is possible for all nodes-pairs in the topology, including ip-blocks. The ip-blocks input format was added to the docs so it will be more clear how to use the feature.
